# Debaditya's Code

This is the code I have written so far for simulating the results as seen in Prof. Nitin Gupta's Paper.


## proto_neurons

* **network.m:** This is a simple implementation of a neuron network with multiple layers

* **neuron.m:** This is a simple neuron class generated on based on the principles found in the course [CS231n Convolutional Neural Networks for Visual Recognition](https://cs231n.github.io/neural-networks-1/)

* **neuronLayer.m:** This is a simple neuron layer class generated on based on the principles found in the course [CS231n Convolutional Neural Networks for Visual Recognition](https://cs231n.github.io/neural-networks-1/)


## fig2

* **calculate_sterotypy_KC.m:** This *script* automatically loads the KC data generated by the *sim_script.m* script. It then calculates the total and cell wise stereotypy using the *get_correlation_sterotypy.m* and the *get_PRED_sterotypy.m* functions. It then exports the calculated data in a matlab file. *Note: This function takes a long time to run and requires a lot of free memory. If system has enough free memory, one may use parfor loops instead of the normal for loops to significantly speed up the calculation.*

* **calculate_sterotypy_MBON.m:** This *script* automatically loads the MBON data generated by the *sim_script.m* script. It then calculates the total stereotypy using the *get_correlation_sterotypy.m* and the *get_PRED_sterotypy.m* functions. It then exports the calculated data in a matlab file.

* **calculate_sterotypy_PN.m:** This *script* automatically loads the KC data generated by the *sim_script.m* script. It then calculates the total and cell wise stereotypy using the *get_correlation_sterotypy.m* and the *get_PRED_sterotypy.m* functions. It then exports the calculated data in matlab files. *Note: This function takes a long time to run and requires a lot of free memory. If system has enough free memory, one may use parfor loops instead of the normal for loops to significantly speed up the calculation.*

* **get_correlation_sterotypy.m:** This *function* takes in the spiking data as a parameter and outputs the correlation between pairs of individuals.

* **get_PRED_sterotypy.m:** This *function* takes in the spiking data as a parameter and outputs the PRED values between pairs of individuals for all possible combinations of the odor.

* **plot_correlation_img.m:** This *function* plots the correlation pcolour map for a given layer response for a pair of individuals.

* **plot_sterotypy_scatter.m:** This *function* plots the scatter plot comparing the PRED sterotypy to the correlation sterotypy.

* **plot_sterotypy_violin.m:** This *function* plots the violin plot for the PRED sterotypy and the correlation sterotypy.

* **run_simulation.m:** This *function* takes in simulation parameters, generates PN responses to a specific odor seed, generates the connection matrices (masks) for each layer, and returns the masks and the spiking data for each layer.

* **sim_script.m:** This *script* contains the simulation parameters and calls in succession the *run_simulation.m* with appropriate seeds to produce the spiking data. The data is compiled into matrices and saved in a matlab file.


**NOTE!:** These functions and scripts are not robust. They will fail if they are called improperly or are given faulty inputs / syntax. I will make them robust later.
